{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We understand that there's no such thing as guilt-free time off when you are working towards a professional qualification!  Add structure and discipline into your study routine with Planner Pig.  \
 \
+ Enter the dates of your upcoming exams and break them down into topics\
\
+ Allocate study hours on your weekly schedule \
\
+ Let Planner Pig create a full schedule of study until your exam date\
\
+ Use it daily to check your to-do list and chart your progress\
\
+ Every day you will have a clear idea of how many hours you have left to study each topic and adjust the plan according to your actual progress.\
\
Designed by a former student of two professional qualifications:\
\'95	The CFA programme (passed all three levels in 18 months)\
\'95	The UK Actuarial exams (passed all but one exams on first attempt)\
\
For many of the popular exams (e.g. CFA, GMAT, ACCA, UK Actuarial) we've already set up the exam topics and weights for you so that you can get started with planning straight away.  These have been sourced from the latest publications, using chapter or book names and the number of pages as the weights (where available).  Of course, you can create your own topics in the app or edit the names or weights of the ones provided. \
\
Once you have set up your exams in Planner Pig you can refer to it every day to ask questions like:\
* How much of which topic and for how long should I be studying today?\
* How many days or scheduled hours are left until the exam?\
* How much of the material have I covered so far?\
* How many hours have I already spent on studying?\
* How well have I been sticking to the plan in the last few days?\
* Oops, I missed a whole week's worth of studying due to illness, what does this mean now?  How many more hours a week should I be spending to get back on track?\
* I was on a roll today!  I studied 5 hours instead of the scheduled 1.  What does this mean now?  Can I afford a little break?\
\
Even if you aren't the 'planning type', you can simply use it to log your actual progress to gain a sense of control over your studies.  However you study, use a study planner and stop procrastinating!}